Steve Francia (commonly referred to as [spf13](http://spf13.com) works at
[10gen](http://www.10gen.com/) on the popular NoSQL database
[MongoDB](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mongodb). That's impressive, but more
importantly to me he maintains spf13-vim which is appropriately self titled
"The Ultimate Vim Distribution."

sfp13-vim is a collection of plugins and configurations to boost your
[Vim](http://www.vim.org) experience. It is designed to work across different
operating systems with minimal external dependencies. Installing it is trivial
for those running Linux or Macs and worth the effort if you're using Windows.
Installing the distribution is what helped me make the leap from "modern" IDEs
to working solely in Vim.

spf13 has done you a favor by reviewing different plugins and combining them
together into this distribution. I have further tweaked the distribution to
suit my own preferences and workflow. spf13 made the configuration convenient
to edit by writing your own .vimrc.local and .vimrc.bundles.local files. Use
the former for defining macros, functions, and keybindings and use the latter
to enable/disable plugins or groups of plugins.

If you would like to use my fork, and I so hope that you do, just visit
[jcbwlkr/spf13-vim](https://github.com/jcbwlkr/spf13-vim) on
github and follow the installation instructions. I will be adding additional
resources and updating the documentation soon so stay tuned.

## Update

Since this post was originally written I have stopped maintaining my spf13
fork. spf13-vim is still a great distribution that I follow closely and I would
recommend it to anyone who wants to get a full featured vim configuration setup
without doing all of the leg work. My own vim configuration is part of [My
Dotfiles Repo](https://github.com/jcbwlkr/mydotfiles).
